# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.txt
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   codeboxapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.3.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.8.2
    # via streamlit
bokeh==2.4.3
    # via datalab-api
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via streamlit
codeboxapi==0.1.20
    # via codeinterpreterapi
codeinterpreterapi==0.1.17
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
dataclasses-json==0.6.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
datalab-api==0.2.1
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   datalab-api
    #   openai
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.24.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-kernel-gateway
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-kernel-gateway
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-kernel-gateway==2.5.2
    # via codeboxapi
jupyter-server==2.14.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
langchain==0.1.17
    # via codeinterpreterapi
langchain-community==0.0.37
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.52
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.1.6
    # via codeinterpreterapi
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.55
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.21.2
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.7
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-kernel-gateway
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   bokeh
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
openai==1.26.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.3
    # via langsmith
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   codeboxapi
    #   streamlit
pip==24.0
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via streamlit
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==16.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   codeboxapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.2.1
    # via codeboxapi
pydeck==0.9.0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   codeinterpreterapi
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.4.28
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   codeboxapi
    #   jupyter-kernel-gateway
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   datalab-api
    #   streamlit
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.30
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.34.0
    # via codeinterpreterapi
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tiktoken==0.6.0
    # via langchain-openai
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-kernel-gateway
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-kernel-gateway
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   bokeh
    #   ipython
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
watchdog==4.0.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==12.0
    # via codeboxapi
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
